Illuminance: add conditions (Labs feature) (#45681)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_conditions/illuminance.is_detected.markdown

{% include integrations/labs_entity_triggers_note.md %}

{% include conditions/ui_header.md %}

To use this condition in an automation:

1. Go to {% my automations title="**Settings** > **Automations & scenes**" %}.
2. Open an existing automation, or select **Create automation** > **Create new automation**.
3. In the **And if** section, select **Add condition**.
4. From the search box, search for and select **Light is detected**.
5. Under **Targets** (see [Targets](#targets)), select one or more light sensors, devices, an area, a floor, or a label.
6. If you selected more than one target, under **Condition passes if**, pick **Any** or **All**.
7. Under **For at least**, you can set how long the sensors must keep detecting light before the condition passes. Leave it at zero for the condition to pass as soon as light is detected.
8. Select **Save**.

### Options in the UI

{% options_ui %}
Condition passes if:
  description: When multiple light sensors are targeted, controls how results combine. Pick **Any** to pass if at least one targeted sensor is detecting light, or **All** to pass only when every sensor is detecting light.
For at least:

>   description: How long the sensor or sensors must keep detecting light before the condition passes. The default is `0` hours, `00` minutes and `00` seconds.

Reviewer: To match the other places:

```suggestion
  description: How long the sensor or sensors must keep detecting light before the condition passes. The default is `0` (passes immediately).
```
